this is Britney trying to take a
teaspoon of pure cinnamon pure cinnamon
here's your time are you doing okay
there Britney trying to get as much spit
covering it as possible oh yeah yeah
there we go
Sean you want a drink
mm-hmm you want it all this la my god
the whole juice jug okay such a good
present no YouTube's getting a lot of
new videos
what's on YouTube she she is very well
known on YouTube really I'll put this on
her account yeah she is by now right
what she she does Harry Potter videos so
looks like you owe me $5,000 so brainy
can you look at the camera and tell
everybody that is impossible to take a
spoonful of cinnamon
now watch cameo